[main]
host = https://www.transifex.com

[safeslinger.exchxml]
file_filter = translations/safeslinger.exchxml/<lang>.xml
source_file = res/values/strings.xml
source_lang = en
trans.af = res/values-af/strings.xml
trans.sq = res/values-sq/strings.xml
trans.ar = res/values-ar/strings.xml
trans.hy = res/values-hy/strings.xml
trans.az = res/values-az/strings.xml
trans.eu = res/values-eu/strings.xml
trans.be = res/values-be/strings.xml
trans.bn = res/values-bn/strings.xml
trans.bs = res/values-bs/strings.xml
trans.bg = res/values-bg/strings.xml
trans.ca = res/values-ca/strings.xml
trans.ceb = res/values-cb/strings.xml
trans.ny = res/values-ny/strings.xml
trans.cmn = res/values-zh/strings.xml
trans.zh_CN = res/values-zh-rCN/strings.xml
trans.zh_TW = res/values-zh-rTW/strings.xml
trans.hr = res/values-hr/strings.xml
trans.cs = res/values-cs/strings.xml
trans.da = res/values-da/strings.xml
trans.nl = res/values-nl/strings.xml
trans.eo = res/values-eo/strings.xml
trans.et = res/values-et/strings.xml
trans.tl = res/values-tl/strings.xml
trans.fi = res/values-fi/strings.xml
trans.fr = res/values-fr/strings.xml
trans.gl = res/values-gl/strings.xml
trans.ka = res/values-ka/strings.xml
trans.de = res/values-de/strings.xml
trans.el = res/values-el/strings.xml
trans.gu = res/values-gu/strings.xml
trans.ht = res/values-ht/strings.xml
trans.ha = res/values-ha/strings.xml
trans.he = res/values-iw/strings.xml
trans.hi = res/values-hi/strings.xml
trans.hmn = res/values-hm/strings.xml
trans.hu = res/values-hu/strings.xml
trans.is = res/values-is/strings.xml
trans.ig = res/values-ig/strings.xml
trans.id = res/values-in/strings.xml
trans.ga = res/values-ga/strings.xml
trans.it = res/values-it/strings.xml
trans.ja = res/values-ja/strings.xml
trans.jv = res/values-jv/strings.xml
trans.kn = res/values-kn/strings.xml
trans.kk = res/values-kk/strings.xml
trans.km = res/values-km/strings.xml
trans.ko = res/values-ko/strings.xml
trans.lo = res/values-lo/strings.xml
trans.la = res/values-la/strings.xml
trans.lv = res/values-lv/strings.xml
trans.lt = res/values-lt/strings.xml
trans.mk = res/values-mk/strings.xml
trans.mg = res/values-mg/strings.xml
trans.ms = res/values-ms/strings.xml
trans.ml = res/values-ml/strings.xml
trans.mt = res/values-mt/strings.xml
trans.mi = res/values-mi/strings.xml
trans.mr = res/values-mr/strings.xml
trans.mn = res/values-mn/strings.xml
trans.my = res/values-my/strings.xml
trans.ne = res/values-ne/strings.xml
trans.no = res/values-no/strings.xml
trans.fa = res/values-fa/strings.xml
trans.pl = res/values-pl/strings.xml
trans.pt = res/values-pt/strings.xml
trans.pa = res/values-pa/strings.xml
trans.ro = res/values-ro/strings.xml
trans.ru = res/values-ru/strings.xml
trans.sr = res/values-sr/strings.xml
trans.st = res/values-st/strings.xml
trans.si = res/values-si/strings.xml
trans.sk = res/values-sk/strings.xml
trans.sl = res/values-sl/strings.xml
trans.so = res/values-so/strings.xml
trans.es = res/values-es/strings.xml
trans.su = res/values-su/strings.xml
trans.sw = res/values-sw/strings.xml
trans.sv = res/values-sv/strings.xml
trans.tg = res/values-tg/strings.xml
trans.ta = res/values-ta/strings.xml
trans.te = res/values-te/strings.xml
trans.th = res/values-th/strings.xml
trans.tr = res/values-tr/strings.xml
trans.uk = res/values-uk/strings.xml
trans.ur = res/values-ur/strings.xml
trans.uz = res/values-uz/strings.xml
trans.vi = res/values-vi/strings.xml
trans.cy = res/values-cy/strings.xml
trans.yi = res/values-ji/strings.xml
trans.yo = res/values-yo/strings.xml
trans.zu = res/values-zu/strings.xml
type = ANDROID

